Added command to generate input and output xcfilelist (#770)
SwiftGen/SwiftGen: CHANGELOG.md

### New Features

> * Added `xcfilelist` subcommand to generated input and output file lists to be used with Xcode's Run Script build phase.  

Reviewer: This needs to be updated with the new command name, and I'd add the explanation from the description, that mentions it's meant for phases that execute `swiftgen config run`.

Something like:
```suggestion
* Added `config generate-xcfilelist` subcommand to generated input and output `xcfilelists` based on your configuration file. This should be used in an Xcode build step that executes `swiftgen config run`.  
```

> * Added `config generate-xcfilelist` subcommand to generated input and output `xcfilelists` based on your configuration file. This should be used in an Xcode build step that executes `swiftgen config run`.

Reviewer 2: <table data-meta="generated_by_danger">
  <tbody>
    <tr>
      <td>:warning:</td>
      <td width="100%" data-sticky="false"><span data-href="https://github.com/SwiftGen/SwiftGen/blob/dc8c7910f181388fa82098adb2e08765e00e778a/CHANGELOG.md#L13"></span>Line describing your entry should end with a period and 2 spaces.</td>
    </tr>
  </tbody>
</table>
